Flores clarifies that from 2016
to 2022, Rocío Carrasco
filed two civil lawsuits and
two criminal complaints against Olga Antonio David
reminds the media that Olga has a
large law firm that
supports her And also that the Sevillian has never
had any need to lie the first
lawsuit was filed in 2018
for statements she gave to
Semana magazine in 2016. In the
first instance, Carrasco loses the
lawsuit and appeals but then
that appeal is dismissed and finally the
Supreme Court completely dismisses the
lawsuit and orders her to pay the costs
according to what she had asked
Olga, that is, between 30,000 and 50,000
euros, but you don't know if Flores will pay
because she still owes him costs.
Then there is a second lawsuit for
statements she gave in
Lecturas magazine and exactly the same thing happens.
In the first and second instance, they have
dismissed the appeal and Carrasco
took it to the Supreme Court and they are
waiting for the sentence that the
results will be very soon but
within the complaint that Rocío
Carrasco makes to Antonio David for concealment
of assets, she also accuses
Olga of this crime, making her look like a
necessary collaborator in the
commission of that crime. But according to
Antonio David, the judge dismissed
Rocío's request to charge
Olga with that crime. Antonio David clarifies this
through [ __ ] Callejas who stated in a relaxation session
that Olga could go to prison knowing
that this was already ruled out, but how
curious that the one who gives the news that
Olga is accused of a crime is the one who is
accused of a crime
of revealing secrets in the
Dilax operation, Flores points out,
and Carrasco also accuses
Olga and Belén Esteban of a crime of revealing secrets,
which has already been dismissed.
Two complaints have been dismissed and two
lawsuits, one of them already won and the
second is pending, Flores clarifies, and
then there is a fifth lawsuit for some
statements that she made in the relaxation session and from
there comes the cover of the readings of the
face to face in court between Rocío and
Olga